story recapped here today i'm going to show you
a drama romance sci-fi film called orbiter 9.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care helena is
on a spaceship the orbiter 9 on her way to celeste
humanity's new home she initially started the
journey as a baby with her parents but somewhere
along the way a malfunction occurs with the
oxygen system with limited oxygen helena's
parents decide to commit suicide leaving her with
enough oxygen to reach an outpost for repairs
helena spends three years in solitude waiting
for an engineer to fix her oxygen reserves
engineer alex arrives and stays to repair the
oxygen system helena is immediately enamored
both by the presence of another human being and
the fact that the engineer is the opposite sex
helena invites alex to dinner and alex accepts
helena is starved of human interaction having
only her parents to interact with her whole
life and being alone for the past three years
the following day alex finishes repairing the
ship's oxygen system and prepares to return
to his outpost that night helena sneaks
into his quarters and lays on top of him
helena tells alex that she'll be spending the next
20 years alone in the spaceship and this night may
be her only chance to be with another human being
helena leans in for a kiss and the pair have sex
the following morning alex heads out
being cold and indifferent towards helena
alex suits up and opens the airlock stepping
out of the spaceship into what appears to be a
concrete underground hallway he makes his way up
and exits to a wooded area clearly still on earth
he loads his equipment to a truck and drives
through a secluded wooded area that appears
to be a facility housing more bunkers similar
to helena's alex drives through security and
strict checkpoints reaching a building where
scientists monitor the inhabitants of the ten
bunkers where people like helena are being kept
in isolation head scientist hugo informs alex
that the real launch for celeste may happen in
as close as 20 years alex expresses his concern
about the passengers and the simulated flights
and the ethical implications of their research
hugo stresses that what they're doing will benefit
billions and heavily outweighs the suffering
of 10 people alex heads home and a news report
reveals that alex was the engineer responsible
for a spacecraft that launched five years
ago carrying a crew of 207 headed for celeste
the spacecraft fell into an accident and
everyone on board perished this event set back
humanity's advancements to leave for celeste
and alex is clearly distressed by this fact
the following day alex heads to his therapist
sylvia overcome by guilt alex reveals the details
of the project to her at home alex stares
at pictures and a recording of helena and
seems he can't get her out of his thoughts he
monitors helena live via the camera feed in her
spaceship and finally decides to get her out
the next morning alex heads to helena's bunker
inside orbiter 9 helena panics when a warning
blares informing her that a spacecraft has docked
with her the airlock opens and she sees it's alex
in regular clothes helena is in disbelief as alex
tells her the truth he asks her to go with him and
leave but she refuses until he shows her a camera
monitoring her as well as a microchip implanted
in her that monitors her vital signs and bodily
functions alex hacks into the ship and routes a
video recording of helena so nobody would notice
her gone the pair then head out helena steps
out of the dark bunker for the first time and is
completely dazed by the sunlight she has trouble
seeing and even walking being new to the air and
the environment alex tells helena all about the
experiment and stresses that nobody should know
about her existence helena says she wants to
see her parents but alex dresses that must never
know she's made it out the pair eventually reach
alex's apartment and helena explores the apartment
discovering whatever knick-knacks and gadgets
and even experiences reign for the first time
the next day alex heads to sylvia and informs
her of what he's done concern for his safety
sylvia promises to help him out in case things
get worse that night helena and alex head out
to the city and alex shows helena his favorite
spots the couple shares a meal and alex shows her
new food and experiences she never got to have
they even head to a massive aquarium and alex
explains that soon all the fish will have to live
in aquariums as the oceans could become too toxic
several days pass and alex shows helena his home
office where he keeps tabs on everyone in all the
orbiters helena questions how he could bring
himself to be involved in a cruel experiment
and alex answers that they are doing this for
the right reasons saying the insight they gain
in the experiment would be invaluable when
the real earth to celeste flights take place
alex and helena spend more time outside
even meeting alex's friends at a club
they discuss the implications of celeste and
what it would mean for the future of humanity
alex's friend dr xiao expresses his concern
that humanity is so quick to give up on earth
and yet is willing to send civilians on a
decade's long journey to an unknown planet
the following day helena notices bruises forming
on her back he takes her to xiao and he tells him
that her skin is too delicate and sensitive
as if she hasn't been exposed to sunlight in
such a long time xiao suspects that helena must
have something to do with alex's secretive job
helena rummages through alex's office and
discovers her file she sees that she's not an
offspring but is actually a clone she finds her
surrogate parents address and goes to find them
meanwhile alex heads back to their headquarters
and attends a meeting where hugo meets with
their top investors and head scientists and
he stresses the importance of their project
he goes on to say they're the only city with a
heavy focus of consideration for the future and
how they're paving the way for mankind's survival
this project is humanity's chance for a new start
alex arrives home to an empty apartment and sees
helena has discovered the truth about her genetics
meanwhile helena finds her parents and confronts
them her mother tells her that she is indeed a
clone but she's a clone of people from several
generations back making her jeans extremely
healthy her father comes and handcuffs her to
the railing and decides they should contact
the authorities in hugo her mother comes to her
rescue knocking the father unconscious and setting
her free she escapes narrowly and meets up with
alex at his apartment helena cries angry at alex
for keeping the secret from her alex gives
a heartfelt apology and helena forgives him
the two now have to go on the run knowing that the
authorities and hugo are now probably after them
hugo receives word of helena's escape and meets
with their benefactor catherine catherine is less
than pleased to learn that one of the 10 valuable
subjects must now be considered a failure and
advises him to eliminate the escape subject the
following day alex and helena meet with sylvia
and they explain the situation to her she's more
than willing to help but before they could talk
further sylvia hears a noise coming from outside
her office she goes to check and is surprised to
see hugo along with armed men checking each room
of the building sylvia denies knowledge of alex
saying she's never seen him hugo is suspicious
and they take her to one of the therapy booths not
knowing alex and helena are just on the other side
of the glass panel hugo and one of his men mal
treat sylvia and they notice movement from behind
the glass panel one of the men shoots sylvia and
alex starts cursing and shouting at them the men
then give chase and alex and helena make their way
through the building zigzagging through rooftops
avoiding gunfire the pair eventually get cornered
on a rooftop and have to jump across to the
adjacent building alex jumps first but helena gets
left behind and hugo catches up to her they bring
her back to the facility and keep her under guard
now in hiding alex sneaks his way to meeting
back with xiao xiao is immediately concerned
about alex's safety and informs him that
he too has been harassed by hugo's goons
he also tells alex that the biopsy of helena's
skin has found that she's too sensitive to live on
the planet in its current state and she has to go
back into the orbiter to ensure her survival back
at the facility helena begs to be placed back into
the orbiter 9 so long as they leave alex alone
hugo denies her and meets with catherine who
tells hugo to kill helena as it's costing them
too much to run the orbiters personnel prepares to
kill off helena but alex arrives forcing his way
in through security and offering hugo a deal he's
willing to enter back into orbiter 9 and continue
the study with helena their leverage he reveals is
the fact that helena is pregnant with their child
he says this is what hugo wanted all along so
they can study the long-term effects of natural
birth and actually raising a child inside orbiter
hugo agrees and the couple head back into orbiter
several years pass and an aged hugo waits outside
orbiter nine a young teenage girl steps out of the
bunker welcomed by personnel of the project
she looks around and smiles hearing the roar
of rockets launching for celeste subscribe to
watch more videos like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching